Add modern template lock (#38998)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/template.markdown

      description: Defines an action to run when the light is given an effect command. Receives the variable `effect`. May also receive the variables `brightness`, and/or  `transition`.
      required: inclusive
      type: action
lock:
  description: List of locks
  required: true
  type: map
  keys:
    state:
      description: Defines a template to set the state of the lock.
      required: true
      type: template
    code_format:

>       description: Defines a template to get the `code_format` attribute of the entity. This template must evaluate to a valid [Python regular expression](https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html#regular-expression-syntax) or `None`. If it evaluates to a not-`None` value, the user is prompted to enter a code when interacting with the lock. The code will be matched against the regular expression, and only if it matches, the lock/unlock actions will be executed. The actual _validity_ of the entered code must be verified within these actions. If there's a syntax error in the template, the entity will be unavailable. If the template fails to render for other reasons or if the regular expression is invalid, no code will be accepted and the lock/unlock actions will never be invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: Defines a template to get the `code_format` attribute of the entity. This template must evaluate to a valid [Python regular expression](https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html#regular-expression-syntax) or `None`. If it evaluates to a not-`None` value, you are prompted to enter a code when interacting with the lock. The code will be matched against the regular expression, and the lock/unlock actions will be executed only if they match. The actual _validity_ of the entered code must be verified within these actions. If there's a syntax error in the template, the entity will be unavailable. If the template fails to render for other reasons or if the regular expression is invalid, no code will be accepted, and the lock/unlock actions will never be invoked.
```

      required: false
      type: template
      default: None
    lock:
      description: Defines an action to run when the lock is locked.
      required: true
      type: action
    unlock:
      description: Defines an action to run when the lock is unlocked.
      required: true
      type: action
    open:
      description: Defines an action to run when the lock is opened.
      required: false
      type: action
    optimistic:

>       description: Flag that defines if lock works in optimistic mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: Flag that defines if the lock works in optimistic mode.
```
